Add `Skin of the Year 2023: Voting Open` news post (#10756)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2024/2024-01-01-skin-of-the-year-2023.md

Namely, [an osu!(stable) update](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/changelog/stable40/20231021.2) in late October added skinning support for some song select components, which are now being implemented in both new and older skins released during the year. Furthermore, osu!(lazer) received various new dynamic skinning elements throughout the year, a recent example being a [dynamic player name element](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/changelog/lazer/2023.1114.0) that changes depending on whether you are playing, spectating someone or watching a replay.

Now that we've had a brief glimpse into what's been happening over the past year, let's quickly go over the contest details.

## Voting details

All skins that have been released during 2023 and have been added to [the compendium](https://compendium.skinship.xyz/) are eligible to compete, **including contest and podium entries**. Everyone gets **15** votes each to cast, and you can spend as many or as few as you like.

The top 3 entries will all receive a unique profile badge based on their entry along with 4, 3 and 2 months of osu!supporter respectively. Entries #4–10 will all receive a month of osu!supporter each.

> This year we had **TBD** skins that have been submitted to the [skinning forums](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/15), **TBD** of them being added to the compendium. We highly suggest you get to some light browsing and check out the submitted skins, and you might find a new skin you will be able to call your "main".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This year we had **269** skins that have been submitted to the [skinning forums](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/15), **124** of them being added to the compendium. We highly suggest you get to some light browsing and check out the submitted skins, and you might find a new skin you will be able to call your "main".
```

Final tally is done, here are the numbers

[**Click here to get involved and vote for 2023's Skin of the Year!**](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/170)

> The voting will remain open for **14 days** after this post goes up, closing officially on the **TBD**. Hopefully, that should be enough time to go through the catalogue and pick your favourites.

Reviewer 2: TBD template
